Added `/core/date-time` (#252)
Logius-standaarden/API-Design-Rules: sections/designRules.md

   </dl>
</div>

<div class="rule" id="/core/date-time" data-type="technical">
   <p class="rulelab">Use ISO 8601 for date and time formats</p>
   <dl>
      <dt>Statement</dt>
      <dd>

>          <p>All date and time fields in requests and responses MUST be in ISO 8601 format (e.g., <code>YYYY-MM-DD for dates</code>, <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> for timestamps). Fields in responses MUST be in UTC. Fields in requests MUST allow any time offset, which servers SHOULD normalize to (and store in) UTC.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         <p>All date and time fields in requests and responses MUST be in [[ISO8601]] format (e.g., <code>YYYY-MM-DD</code> for dates, <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> for timestamps). Fields in responses MUST be in UTC. Servers MUST allow any time offset in requests and SHOULD normalize to (and store in) UTC.</p>
```

               </tr>
               <tr>
                  <td>Datetime</td>
                  <td>date-time (<code>YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ</code> or <code>YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss±hh:mm</code>)</td>
                  <td><code class="json">"format": "date-time"</code></td>
               </tr>
               <tr>
                  <td>Time</td>
                  <td>time (<code>hh:mm:ss</code>)</td>
                  <td><code class="json">"format": "time-local"</code></td>
               </tr>
            </tbody>
         </table>
      </dd>
      <dt>Rationale</dt>
      <dd>
         <p>Implementing RFC9557 and ISO 8601 removes ambiguity in date handling between systems and timezones.
      </dd>
   </dl>
</div>

<div class="rule" id="/core/date-time/timezone" data-type="technical">
   <p class="rulelab">Allow all timezone offsets in requests and use UTC in responses</p>
   <dl>
      <dt>Statement</dt>
      <dd>
         <p>APIs MUST accept any timezone offset in fields in requests containing a datetime. Fields in responses containing a datetime MUST be in UTC (e.g. <code>Z</code> as timezone offset).
      </dd>
      <dt>Rationale</dt>
      <dd>

>          <p>Allowing clients to use any timezone offset in requests results in flexibility and less complexity for users. Using UTC in responses results in clarity and removes ambiguity.

Reviewer 2: Hier gaat iets mis met ontbrekende sluit-tags.

Reviewer: Closing tags van p elements zijn niet vereist en laten we meestal weg als het niet nodig is voor de leesbaarheid.

         <p class="note">This specification does not state rules regarding storage in databases.

>          However, it is recommended to store the originally supplied timezone from the client request in the database, such that later the location of the client can be determined.

Reviewer 2: Dit lijkt me geen algemene recommendation en is niet helemaal wat ik gister bedoelde. Ik zou het formuleren als:
> If the original timezone of a given timestamp value is relevant for users (such as the timezone in which a value is registered), it is recommended to store and publish the timezone details (e.g. the zone offset) as a separate property.
